Documentation/API/SpatialTargetFacade.md, before:

# Class SpatialTargetFacade

The public interface into the SpatialTarget Prefab.

## Contents

* [Inheritance]
* [Namespace]
* [Syntax]
* [Fields]
  * [Activated]
  * [Deactivated]
  * [Entered]
  * [Exited]
  * [FirstEntered]
  * [LastExited]
* [Properties]
  * [ActionsOnActivate]
  * [ActionsOnHover]
  * [Configuration]
  * [IsEnabled]
  * [SourceValidity]
  * [UseSourcePointOverride]
  * [UseTargetOverride]
* [Methods]
  * [OnAfterActionOnHoverChange()]
  * [OnAfterActionOnSelectChange()]
  * [OnAfterIsEnabledChange()]
  * [OnAfterSourceValidityChange()]
  * [OnAfterUseSourcePointOverrideChange()]
  * [OnAfterUseTargetOverrideChange()]

## Details

##### Inheritance

* System.Object
* SpatialTargetFacade

##### Namespace

* [Tilia.Indicators.SpatialTargets]

##### Syntax

```
public class SpatialTargetFacade : MonoBehaviour
```

### Fields

#### Activated

Emitted when the target is activated.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent Activated
```

#### Deactivated

Emitted when the target is deactivated.

##### Declaration

```
public UnityEvent Deactivated
```

#### Entered

Emitted when the target is entered.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent Entered
```

#### Exited

Emitted when the target is exited.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent Exited
```

#### FirstEntered

Emitted when the target is entered for the first time.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent FirstEntered
```

#### LastExited

Emitted when the target is exited for the last time.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent LastExited
```

### Properties

#### ActionsOnActivate

Actions to perform when the [SpatialTargetFacade] is activated.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTargetFacade.ActivationActions ActionsOnActivate { get; set; }
```

#### ActionsOnHover

Actions to perform when the [SpatialTargetFacade] is hovered over.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTargetFacade.HoverActions ActionsOnHover { get; set; }
```

#### Configuration

The linked Internal Setup.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTargetConfigurator Configuration { get; protected set; }
```

#### IsEnabled

Whether the [SpatialTargetFacade] is in the enabled state.

##### Declaration

```
public bool IsEnabled { get; set; }
```

#### SourceValidity

Determine which SurfaceData sources can interact with this [SpatialTargetFacade].

##### Declaration

```
public RuleContainer SourceValidity { get; set; }
```

#### UseSourcePointOverride

Whether to use the source point override GameObject to lock the pointer cursor to.

##### Declaration

```
public bool UseSourcePointOverride { get; set; }
```

#### UseTargetOverride

Whether to use the target override GameObject to use as the TransformData.Transform in the event payloads.

##### Declaration

```
public bool UseTargetOverride { get; set; }
```

### Methods

#### OnAfterActionOnHoverChange()

Called after [ActionsOnHover] has been changed.

##### Declaration

```
protected virtual void OnAfterActionOnHoverChange()
```

#### OnAfterActionOnSelectChange()

Called after [ActionsOnActivate] has been changed.

##### Declaration

```
protected virtual void OnAfterActionOnSelectChange()
```

#### OnAfterIsEnabledChange()

Called after [IsEnabled] has been changed.

##### Declaration

```
protected virtual void OnAfterIsEnabledChange()
```

#### OnAfterSourceValidityChange()

Called after [SourceValidity] has been changed.

##### Declaration

```
protected virtual void OnAfterSourceValidityChange()
```

#### OnAfterUseSourcePointOverrideChange()

Called after [UseSourcePointOverride] has been changed.

##### Declaration

```
protected virtual void OnAfterUseSourcePointOverrideChange()
```

#### OnAfterUseTargetOverrideChange()

Called after [UseTargetOverride] has been changed.

##### Declaration

```
protected virtual void OnAfterUseTargetOverrideChange()
```

[Tilia.Indicators.SpatialTargets]: README.md
[SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent]: SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent.md
[SpatialTargetFacade.ActivationActions]: SpatialTargetFacade.ActivationActions.md
[SpatialTargetFacade.HoverActions]: SpatialTargetFacade.HoverActions.md
[SpatialTargetConfigurator]: SpatialTargetConfigurator.md
[SpatialTargetFacade]: SpatialTargetFacade.md
[ActionsOnHover]: SpatialTargetFacade.md#ActionsOnHover
[ActionsOnActivate]: SpatialTargetFacade.md#ActionsOnActivate
[IsEnabled]: SpatialTargetFacade.md#IsEnabled
[SourceValidity]: SpatialTargetFacade.md#SourceValidity
[UseSourcePointOverride]: SpatialTargetFacade.md#UseSourcePointOverride
[UseTargetOverride]: SpatialTargetFacade.md#UseTargetOverride
[Inheritance]: #Inheritance
[Namespace]: #Namespace
[Syntax]: #Syntax
[Fields]: #Fields
[Activated]: #Activated
[Deactivated]: #Deactivated
[Entered]: #Entered
[Exited]: #Exited
[FirstEntered]: #FirstEntered
[LastExited]: #LastExited
[Properties]: #Properties
[ActionsOnActivate]: #ActionsOnActivate
[ActionsOnHover]: #ActionsOnHover
[Configuration]: #Configuration
[IsEnabled]: #IsEnabled
[SourceValidity]: #SourceValidity
[UseSourcePointOverride]: #UseSourcePointOverride
[UseTargetOverride]: #UseTargetOverride
[Methods]: #Methods
[OnAfterActionOnHoverChange()]: #OnAfterActionOnHoverChange
[OnAfterActionOnSelectChange()]: #OnAfterActionOnSelectChange
[OnAfterIsEnabledChange()]: #OnAfterIsEnabledChange
[OnAfterSourceValidityChange()]: #OnAfterSourceValidityChange
[OnAfterUseSourcePointOverrideChange()]: #OnAfterUseSourcePointOverrideChange
[OnAfterUseTargetOverrideChange()]: #OnAfterUseTargetOverrideChange

Commit message:

feat(Facade): expose SpatialTarget Deselect method for easy access
There are occasions where being to deselect a SpatialTarget manually
makes sense, but it can only be manually deselected from the internal
SpatialTarget component. This exposes that internal method via the
SpatialTargetFacade to make it easier to call.

Documentation/API/SpatialTargetFacade.md, after:

# Class SpatialTargetFacade

The public interface into the SpatialTarget Prefab.

## Contents

* [Inheritance]
* [Namespace]
* [Syntax]
* [Fields]
  * [Activated]
  * [Deactivated]
  * [Entered]
  * [Exited]
  * [FirstEntered]
  * [LastExited]
* [Properties]
  * [ActionsOnActivate]
  * [ActionsOnHover]
  * [Configuration]
  * [IsEnabled]
  * [SourceValidity]
  * [UseSourcePointOverride]
  * [UseTargetOverride]
* [Methods]
  * [Deselect(Boolean)]
  * [OnAfterActionOnHoverChange()]
  * [OnAfterActionOnSelectChange()]
  * [OnAfterIsEnabledChange()]
  * [OnAfterSourceValidityChange()]
  * [OnAfterUseSourcePointOverrideChange()]
  * [OnAfterUseTargetOverrideChange()]

## Details

##### Inheritance

* System.Object
* SpatialTargetFacade

##### Namespace

* [Tilia.Indicators.SpatialTargets]

##### Syntax

```
public class SpatialTargetFacade : MonoBehaviour
```

### Fields

#### Activated

Emitted when the target is activated.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent Activated
```

#### Deactivated

Emitted when the target is deactivated.

##### Declaration

```
public UnityEvent Deactivated
```

#### Entered

Emitted when the target is entered.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent Entered
```

#### Exited

Emitted when the target is exited.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent Exited
```

#### FirstEntered

Emitted when the target is entered for the first time.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent FirstEntered
```

#### LastExited

Emitted when the target is exited for the last time.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent LastExited
```

### Properties

#### ActionsOnActivate

Actions to perform when the [SpatialTargetFacade] is activated.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTargetFacade.ActivationActions ActionsOnActivate { get; set; }
```

#### ActionsOnHover

Actions to perform when the [SpatialTargetFacade] is hovered over.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTargetFacade.HoverActions ActionsOnHover { get; set; }
```

#### Configuration

The linked Internal Setup.

##### Declaration

```
public SpatialTargetConfigurator Configuration { get; protected set; }
```

#### IsEnabled

Whether the [SpatialTargetFacade] is in the enabled state.

##### Declaration

```
public bool IsEnabled { get; set; }
```

#### SourceValidity

Determine which SurfaceData sources can interact with this [SpatialTargetFacade].

##### Declaration

```
public RuleContainer SourceValidity { get; set; }
```

#### UseSourcePointOverride

Whether to use the source point override GameObject to lock the pointer cursor to.

##### Declaration

```
public bool UseSourcePointOverride { get; set; }
```

#### UseTargetOverride

Whether to use the target override GameObject to use as the TransformData.Transform in the event payloads.

##### Declaration

```
public bool UseTargetOverride { get; set; }
```

### Methods

#### Deselect(Boolean)

Deselects the containing [SpatialTarget] if it is in a selected state.

##### Declaration

```
public virtual void Deselect(bool keepInActivatingDispatcher = false)
```

##### Parameters

| Type | Name | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| System.Boolean | keepInActivatingDispatcher | Whether to keep this in the ActivatingDispatcher.SelectedTargets collection. |

#### OnAfterActionOnHoverChange()

Called after [ActionsOnHover] has been changed.

##### Declaration

```
protected virtual void OnAfterActionOnHoverChange()
```

#### OnAfterActionOnSelectChange()

Called after [ActionsOnActivate] has been changed.

##### Declaration

```
protected virtual void OnAfterActionOnSelectChange()
```

#### OnAfterIsEnabledChange()

Called after [IsEnabled] has been changed.

##### Declaration

```
protected virtual void OnAfterIsEnabledChange()
```

#### OnAfterSourceValidityChange()

Called after [SourceValidity] has been changed.

##### Declaration

```
protected virtual void OnAfterSourceValidityChange()
```

#### OnAfterUseSourcePointOverrideChange()

Called after [UseSourcePointOverride] has been changed.

##### Declaration

```
protected virtual void OnAfterUseSourcePointOverrideChange()
```

#### OnAfterUseTargetOverrideChange()

Called after [UseTargetOverride] has been changed.

##### Declaration

```
protected virtual void OnAfterUseTargetOverrideChange()
```

[Tilia.Indicators.SpatialTargets]: README.md
[SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent]: SpatialTarget.SurfaceDataUnityEvent.md
[SpatialTargetFacade.ActivationActions]: SpatialTargetFacade.ActivationActions.md
[SpatialTargetFacade.HoverActions]: SpatialTargetFacade.HoverActions.md
[SpatialTargetConfigurator]: SpatialTargetConfigurator.md
[SpatialTargetFacade]: SpatialTargetFacade.md
[SpatialTarget]: SpatialTarget.md
[ActionsOnHover]: SpatialTargetFacade.md#ActionsOnHover
[ActionsOnActivate]: SpatialTargetFacade.md#ActionsOnActivate
[IsEnabled]: SpatialTargetFacade.md#IsEnabled
[SourceValidity]: SpatialTargetFacade.md#SourceValidity
[UseSourcePointOverride]: SpatialTargetFacade.md#UseSourcePointOverride
[UseTargetOverride]: SpatialTargetFacade.md#UseTargetOverride
[Inheritance]: #Inheritance
[Namespace]: #Namespace
[Syntax]: #Syntax
[Fields]: #Fields
[Activated]: #Activated
[Deactivated]: #Deactivated
[Entered]: #Entered
[Exited]: #Exited
[FirstEntered]: #FirstEntered
[LastExited]: #LastExited
[Properties]: #Properties
[ActionsOnActivate]: #ActionsOnActivate
[ActionsOnHover]: #ActionsOnHover
[Configuration]: #Configuration
[IsEnabled]: #IsEnabled
[SourceValidity]: #SourceValidity
[UseSourcePointOverride]: #UseSourcePointOverride
[UseTargetOverride]: #UseTargetOverride
[Methods]: #Methods
[Deselect(Boolean)]: #DeselectBoolean
[OnAfterActionOnHoverChange()]: #OnAfterActionOnHoverChange
[OnAfterActionOnSelectChange()]: #OnAfterActionOnSelectChange
[OnAfterIsEnabledChange()]: #OnAfterIsEnabledChange
[OnAfterSourceValidityChange()]: #OnAfterSourceValidityChange
[OnAfterUseSourcePointOverrideChange()]: #OnAfterUseSourcePointOverrideChange
[OnAfterUseTargetOverrideChange()]: #OnAfterUseTargetOverrideChange
